usage: disco import [-h] [--add-to-collection | --tracks | --brainz]
                    [--resume OFFSET]
                    [RELEASE_ID]

positional arguments:
  RELEASE_ID            the Discogs release ID you want to import to
                        DiscoBASE. If left empty, the whole collection will be
                        imported. If the additional option -a is used, the
                        release will be added to your Discogs collection _and_
                        imported to DiscoBASE. Note that a regular import of a
                        given release ID is quite time consuming: We have to
                        check wether or not this release ID is already in the
                        Discogs collection (we don't want duplicates), thus we
                        have to run through all of your releases via the
                        Discogs API. Unfortunately Discogs does not allow us
                        to search for release IDs in ones collection, we only
                        can "iterate" through them. Therefore the recommended
                        way of adding newly gained releases is by using the -a
                        option.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --add-to-collection, -a
                        This is the recommended (and fastest) way of adding
                        newly gained releases to your collection. The given
                        release ID is added to your Discogs collection (same
                        as when you click an "Add to collection" in the
                        Discogs Webinterface. Additionally the release is
                        added to the DiscoBASE. Note that for performance's
                        sake, we don't do a time-consuming check if the
                        release is already in your Discogs collection by
                        asking the Discogs API, but only do a quick check if
                        the ID is in the local DiscoBASE already.
  --tracks, -u          extends the Discogs import (releases and also tracks
                        will be downloaded) - takes siginficantly longer than
                        the regular import. Note: This is the same as "disco
                        search all -u".
  --brainz, -z          imports additional information from
                        MusicBrainz/AcousticBrainz. This action takes a long
                        time. -z quick match, -zz detailed match (takes even
                        longer, but more results). Notes: This is the same as
                        "disco search all -z". Prior to using this option, an
                        extended Discogs import is recommended (disco import
                        --tracks). Otherwise only tracks that were already
                        downloaded to the DiscoBASE (eg used in mixes and
                        updated using "disco mix -u") will be updated.
  --resume OFFSET       resumes long-running processes at the given offset
                        position (expects a number). You can combine this
                        option currently with the *Brainz matching import
                        operation only (-z, -zz)
